Update admission_controller.md (#15180)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/cluster_agent/admission_controller.md

- `kubectl apply -f agent-services.yaml`
- `kubectl apply -f cluster-agent-deployment.yaml`

### APM

> You can configure the Cluster Agent (version 7.39 and higher) to inject APM tracers libraries automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the Cluster Agent (version 7.39 and higher) to inject APM tracing libraries automatically.
```

> You can configure the Cluster Agent (version 7.39 and higher) to inject APM tracing libraries automatically.

Reviewer 2: 7.39+ only applies to the library injection, not the pod mutation for unified service tagging right?

Reviewer 2: Any reason to try to fit everything in the same section?

Reviewer 3: **+1 for having separate sections!**
Auto-instrumentation Vs. `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_ENTITY_ID` injection are different features, they have different requirements and purposes and this should be clear in our docs.

After you install the Cluster Agent, do one of the following:
- Add the label `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled: "true"` to your pod.
- Configure the Cluster Agent admission controller by setting `mutateUnlabelled` (or `DD_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_MUTATE_UNLABELLED`, depending on your configuration method) to `true`.

To opt-in your container for library injection, use Pod annotations inside your application's YAML file to specify language tracers and versions.

The annotations are a `key: value` pair in the following format:

```yaml
datadoghq.com/<language>-lib.version: <lib-version>
```

Adding a this annotation results in the injection of the tracer library for that language and version into the containerized application.

> Currently, the list of possible lib values include `java`, `js` and `python` respectively.

Reviewer 2: Just to confirm is `js` the right naming? I thought it was `node initially`

> Currently, the list of possible lib values include `java`, `js` and `python` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid `<language>` values are:
- `java`
- `js`
- `python`
```

For example to inject the latest Java tracer:

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: this example uses 2 libraries. It would be clearer to have an example with only one lib on a specific version and add a note that "latest" is supported as a version but should be used with caution

- `kubectl apply -f agent-services.yaml`
- `kubectl apply -f cluster-agent-deployment.yaml`

### APM
You can configure the Cluster Agent (version 7.39 and higher) to inject APM tracing libraries automatically.

After you install the Cluster Agent, do one of the following:
- Add the label `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled: "true"` to your pod.
- Configure the Cluster Agent admission controller by setting `mutateUnlabelled` (or `DD_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_MUTATE_UNLABELLED`, depending on your configuration method) to `true`.

To opt-in your container for library injection, use Pod annotations inside your application's YAML file to specify language tracers and versions.

The annotations are a `key: value` pair in the following format:

```yaml
datadoghq.com/<language>-lib.version: <lib-version>
```

Adding a this annotation results in the injection of the tracer library for that language and version into the containerized application.
Valid `<language>` values are:
- `java`
- `js`
- `python`

For example to inject the latest Java tracer:

```yaml
annotations:

>     datadoghq.com/java-lib.version: "latest"

Reviewer 3: You need to configure the label `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled: "true"` in case `mutateUnlabelled` is set to `false` .

- `kubectl apply -f cluster-agent-deployment.yaml`

> ### APM and DogStatsD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### APM
```

> To configure and inject APM tracers libraries automatically, it requires the Datadog Agent v7.39+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the Cluster Agent (version 7.39 and higher) to inject APM tracers libraries automatically.
```

> Once the Cluster Agent is successfully installed, please do one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install the Cluster Agent, do one of the following:
```

- Add the label `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled: "true"` to your pod.
- Configure the Cluster Agent admission controller by setting `mutateUnlabelled` (or `DD_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_MUTATE_UNLABELLED`, depending on your configuration method) to `true`.

To opt-in your container for library injection, use Pod annotations inside your application's YAML file to specify language tracers and versions.

The annotations are a `key: value` pair in the following format:

```yaml
datadoghq.com/<language>-lib.version: <lib-version>
```

> Adding a this annotation means the tracer library for that language and version is injected into the containerized application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a this annotation results in the injection of the tracer library for that language and version into the containerized application.
```

> Currently, the list of possible lib values include `java`, `node` and `python` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid `<language>` values are:
- `java`
- `node`
- `python`
```

For example to inject the latest Java tracer:

```yaml
annotations:
    datadoghq.com/java-lib.version: "latest"

>     datadoghq.com/node-lib.version: "3.0.0"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: Use caution specifying `latest` as major library releases can introduce breaking changes.

```

> If needed, you can add several `<language>-lib.version` annotations to inject multiple language tracers into one container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it's an uncommon scenario, you can add multiple `<language>-lib.version` annotations to inject multiple language tracers into one container.
```

> ### APM and DogStatsD

Reviewer 2: As this page is hard to find, can we had more pointers on our existing doc to the lib injection part?
As an example we could add references in this [section](https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/eddy/k8-lib-injection/containers/kubernetes/apm/?tab=datadogadmissioncontroller#configure-your-application-tracers-to-emit-traces)

Reviewer: +1

> To configure and inject APM tracers libraries and DogstatsD clients automatically:

Reviewer: This used to say "do one of the following". Is it still that, or do they have to do both?

- Add the label `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled: "true"` to your pod.
- Configure the Cluster Agent admission controller by setting `mutateUnlabelled` (or `DD_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_MUTATE_UNLABELLED`, depending on your configuration method) to `true`.

> To opt-in your container for library injection, use Pod annotations inside your application's YAML file to specify which language tracers and should be injected, along with their versions.

Reviewer 3: We have to mention this feature requires Datadog Cluster Agent 7.39+

The annotations are a `key: value` pair in the following format:

```yaml

> admission.datadoghq.com/<language>-tracer.version: <tracer-version>

Reviewer: your original draft didn't have the word `admission` in this yaml line. should it be there?

> admission.datadoghq.com/<language>-tracer.version: <tracer-version>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
admission.datadoghq.com/<language>-lib.version: <lib-version>
```

```

> Adding a this annotation means the tracer library for that language and version is injected into the containerized application. You can add several `<language>-tracer.version` annotations to inject multiple language tracers into one container.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Adding a this annotation means the tracer library for that language and version is injected into the containerized application. You can add several `<language>-lib.version` annotations to inject multiple language tracers into one container.
```

> For example to inject the latest Java tracer and Ruby tracer version 1.4.0:

Reviewer: If we're telling people they can inject multiple, they will want to see how that's done, so I added to the example to show two. Is this a realistic example? injecting both Java and Ruby? If no, can you provide a better example?

Reviewer: Also, we should list valid language values, so people don't have to guess if it's `node` or `nodejs`, `dotnet` or `dot-net`, etc.

Reviewer 2: +1 on listing all the available values

```yaml
annotations:

>     admission.datadoghq.com/java-tracer.version: "latest"

Reviewer 2: We should warn on the risk of using latest (breaking change can happen on major versions)

Reviewer 3: Ruby is not supported right now, let's put node instead.
Also, should we put these annotations in different sections? I don't think it's common that the same app uses java and node?
```suggestion
annotations:
    admission.datadoghq.com/java-lib.version: "latest"

annotations:
    admission.datadoghq.com/ruby-lib.version: "<version>"
```

| `false`          | `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled=true`  | Yes       |
| `false`          | `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled=false` | No        |

### DogStatsD

> To configure DogstatsD clients or other APM libraries that does not support library injection at this time, inject the environment variables `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_ENTITY_ID` by using one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To configure DogStatsD clients or other APM libraries that do not support library injection, inject the environment variables `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_ENTITY_ID` by doing one of the following:
```

| `false`          | `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled=true`  | Yes       |
| `false`          | `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled=false` | No        |

### DogStatsD

> To configure DogStatsD clients or other APM libraries that do not support library injection, inject the environment variables `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_ENTITY_ID` by doing one of the following:

Reviewer 3: Can we rename the section title to something more generic since we're talking about both dsd clients and apm libraries? Something like `Configuration injection` maybe?

- Add the label `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled: "true"` to your pod.

> - Configure the Cluster Agent admission controller by setting `mutateUnlabelled` (or `DD_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_MUTATE_UNLABELLED`, depending on your configuration method) to `true`.

Reviewer 3: You need to configure one of them, not both. This is explained in the table above

```
| mutateUnlabelled | Pod label                               | Injection |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------|-----------|
| `true`           | No label                                | Yes       |
| `true`           | `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled=true`  | Yes       |
| `true`           | `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled=false` | No        |
| `false`          | No label                                | No        |
| `false`          | `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled=true`  | Yes       |
| `false`          | `admission.datadoghq.com/enabled=false` | No        |
```
